Reset Point System
++++++++++++++++++

On a game reset, the system will reset the player's position at the desired location, saving player progress.

The reset point exists as a prefab and requires some setup. The reset point system was actually created using the AI system. 
We will break-down how it works internally and hopefully this can serve as a good case study and give you an idea on how
to create your own systems. 

The system uses a AIFSM, for keeping track of the player, and a World Float, for saving the state of the reset point system. Before
explaining the states, first lets see how the system is designed. Each level can have as many reset points as desired. 
For this particular scenario there are three reset points. Each reset point will be placed in the game world and each one will 
have a corresponding arbitrary index, so 1,2, and 3. Once the player goes inside a reset point area, the FSM will save its index 
in the World Float (which will have Save enabled). If the current value of the World Float is less than the reset point index, the value will 
be updated. This means the reset point system works in terms of priority. If the player goes back inside reset point 1 but has already been 
to reset point 2, the system will not revert back to reset point 1. And on a game reset, the AIFSM will move the player to the 
desired location of the reset point that matches the saved value with its index.

How are the reset points aware of each other? 

World Float is the glue that holds everything together. Each reset point comes with a World Float, and each World Float 
must have exactly the same name as all the others. If each World Float has the same name, it means they are saving 
to the same variable in memory, so they all reference the same data. And also, each time a World Float is modified it will send 
a signal to each World Float that shares the same name and it will update their values to match. For this broadcast signal to work, 
the Broadcast Value must be enabled for each World Float. This will ensure all the World Floats are working with the same value.

How does the FSM work?

The FSM has three states. The first state, ResetPoint, will check if the World Float matches its index. If it does, the state will 
reset the player's position using Set Transform. Since this is the first state, the AI system will always check this state first 
on scene start. On a game reset, enable Reset To First in settings, which means the AI system will move back to the first state 
on a game reset and reset the player's position.

Regardless of what happens in ResetPoint state, the system will move to the wait state. Here, the system will wait until the player 
enters its territory using Find Target. If the player does enter its territory, it will compare the World Float current value with its index. 
If the World Float current value is less than the current index, the system will move into the Save state and save the index into the World Float 
and then revert back to the Wait state. It's important to note the Wait state is set to Sequence Succeeded, which means the state will not 
check World Float Logic until Find Target has returned success.

.. important::
    The parts you must modify: in Set Transform, input the reset position in new value. In each World Float Logic and on On Event, place the index of the reset point.
    You will also need to move each territory (green rectangle) manually in the scene for each reset point.

